USAGE GUIDE
Scanning probe nonlinear drift correction code.

Included MATLAB scripts used and their purposes:
SPmerge01.m         -Initalize data structures, initial alignment, find reference position.
SPmerge02.m         -Initial and primary refinement of scanline origins.
SPmerge03.m         -Generate final corrected image.
SPmakeImage.m       -Script for generating KDE images from new scanline orgins.
These scripts primarily work with a matlab struct with default name "sMerge."

Author of all included scripts.
Colin Ophus, National Center for Electron Microscopy, Molecular Foundry,
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, USA. (Mar 2015).
cophus@gmail.com

Usage steps for included synthetic data: image00deg and image90deg

1.  First verify alignment of images.  All images should be passed into 
    SPmerge01.m with horizontal fast scan directions and without any rotation.
    SPmerge01.m will rotate and align the data.  Image alignment can be verifed
    by plotting the data and ensuring horizontal scanlines for all images.

Running these lines:
>> imagesc(image00deg); axis equal off; colormap(gray(256))
>> imagesc(image90deg); axis equal off; colormap(gray(256))
will show that both images have horizontal scanline directions.

To ensure that the scanline orientation directions match those expected by
SPmerge01.m, we can plot both images at the same time, rotating the second
one by 90degrees:
>> imagesc([image00deg rot90(image90deg)]); axis equal off; colormap(gray(256))

Remember that the 90 degree rotation is just for visualization, and that the 
images should not be rotated when passing them into SPmerge01.m.  If the second
image were flipped 180 degrees in the two-image plot, we would need to use
a scanline direction of either -90 or 270 degrees in SPmerge01.m.

2.  Next, initialize the correction struct:
>> sMerge = SPmerge01([0 90],image00deg,image90deg);

The initial alignment appears quite poor, due to the nonlinear drift.  This 
is not a problem, as the drift and alignment  will be corrected in subsequent 
steps.  The yellow "+" mark indicates the starting position for the rough
alignment.  If this point is inside a region of the images with no contrast,
you must manually adjust it by changing the coordinates of the struct in 
your workspace, sMerge.ref, to the position in the image where the initial
alignment is best.

3.  Perform the drift correction:
>> sMerge = SPmerge02(sMerge);

Running this script will perform first an initial rough drift correction, and
then the full nonlinear drift correction described in the manuscript.  
After the alignment is completed, the script will make two plots:
-An alignment plot showing the current state of the correction.
-A plot showing the mean absolute difference at each iteration.  This plot
is used to show convergence.  In this synthetic dataset, the large drop after
iteration 1 indicates where a global phase shift took place.  The error does
not decrease quite to zero, due to the undersampling effect of nonlinear drift.

4.  Generate a final reconstructed output image:
>> imageFinal = SPmerge03(sMerge);

The resulting image should be fully drift corrected.  To compare this image
to an image taken with perfect sampling and no drift, plot imageIdeal:
>> figure(1000); imagesc(imageIdeal); axis equal off; colormap(gray(256))

We see that the reconstruction has succeeded.
